what's going on everybody ninja and
welcome back to another episode of
soccer saturday fifa ultimate team first
of all before we get straight into the
games just want to apologize for not
having this episode up last Saturday I
was pretty ill and I know some of you
were expecting it and I was your night
sets what time of year and I just had a
really bad cold so I don't think you'd
like to listen to my voice if I was
sounded like rude so I didn't I didn't
upload so sorry about that but we shall
continue from as normal as long as we
don't get sick again okay so we'll get
straight into this first game and he can
see this guy he's got and I scored a
really nice good I really like it he's
actually got zero enough up from which
I've got as well so I know he's a really
good player but you know this game
pretty early on straight you know I was
just attacking straight from the
beginning and get bit unlucky there
which was unfortunate but you know it's
just attack attack attack as always
doing and circle of their smashes in the
girl and that wasn't absolutely lovely
go for one nil and after that it was
just continue really just keep keep keep
erm attack in and keep doing what I was
doing he can see in the 21st minute just
get really lucky it was really scrappy
gorgeous though he was trying to clear
it I was trying to shoot and finally
comes to desert cove and emerged to
school so that makes two nil then after
that II in the 38th minute it goes
one-on-one with goalkeeper I'll bring
the gogue bro and he trusted a little
chip over the top when I bring the cocky
get back and and it was a really wasted
effort and then you know he's obviously
had enough after that because he rage
quits as you can see here he's just
signing out and that was it so that was
that game over and a bit unfortunate i
don't know what anyone would rage quit
after that he saw wee bit of a stress
stress he person to play with so i never
mind so we get straight into the next
game and this died a lovely lovely
lovely brazilian squad here and he's got
a continuum player as well
this game was quite a good game actually
he can see he's just skilling me up
basically just doing those of skills and
he takes the one they will lead with
NATO birla I've never heard of him and
they seemed like a good play he's just
always on the wing when the 27th minute
comes back through too corny lenco goes
on the inside and you know you can't
really miss those shots one on one of
the goalkeeper and so that is 10 then
after that just before half-time comes
to call an ankle again and he smashes it
in the bottom left hand corner and that
one's a lovely finished just before
half-time and it'd be disappointed there
but just before half-time it comes to
him and unfortunately heat suppose so
you know I just managed to take my
chances and he didn't so just got a bit
lucky really but in the 79th minute here
it comes ova minds but ever do go really
I don't know if you caught it as jubak
jugal just for June really and that was
it he waged quit and you know sometimes
it's a bit unfortunate but i can see if
you rage quit from a Jew it's game over
so that game free win free one to me and
we get straight into our next game next
game here you can see another Brazilian
squad he's got a lot of fur Brazilians
coming up against this Russian squad and
it wasn't it was a really boring game
see honest he's quite defensive play and
in the foot 45th minute are Juden it he
wasn't I didn't think I was going to get
another opportunity after that he was
really defensive and he didn't really
played for much football so I'm still I
did to him it was stupid because
straightaway Wellington goes straight up
the pitch and he scores a lovely go
there and that was actually a really
nice girl and this bra it's probably the
best player I've come up against some
fifa so far and he takes a 2-1 lead in
the 65th minute with lids on and after
that I didn't really have much chance is
to understand to have any chances after
that and here you can see some terrible
defending when in turn makes it 3-1 a
nice free one and that unfortunately is
it that was the loss and so ending this
week on a bit of a low but never mind we
tryna get it back for next week
okay guys or that has been that soccer
saturday thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed and I'll see you next week for
the next episode peace